c:\users\tom\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DJBot\DJBot\bin\DJBot.dll.config
c:\users\tom\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DJBot\DJBot\bin\DJBot.dll
c:\users\tom\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DJBot\DJBot\bin\DJBot.pdb
c:\users\tom\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DJBot\DJBot\bin\Microsoft.Bot.Connector.dll
c:\users\tom\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DJBot\DJBot\bin\Microsoft.Bot.Connector.Utilities.dll
c:\users\tom\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DJBot\DJBot\bin\Microsoft.Rest.ClientRuntime.dll
c:\users\tom\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DJBot\DJBot\bin\Microsoft.WindowsAzure.Configuration.dll
c:\users\tom\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DJBot\DJBot\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
c:\users\tom\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DJBot\DJBot\bin\System.Net.Http.Formatting.dll
c:\users\tom\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DJBot\DJBot\bin\System.Web.Http.dll
c:\users\tom\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DJBot\DJBot\bin\System.Web.Http.WebHost.dll
c:\users\tom\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DJBot\DJBot\bin\Microsoft.Rest.ClientRuntime.xml
c:\users\tom\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DJBot\DJBot\bin\Microsoft.WindowsAzure.Configuration.xml
c:\users\tom\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DJBot\DJBot\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
c:\users\tom\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DJBot\DJBot\bin\System.Net.Http.Formatting.xml
c:\users\tom\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DJBot\DJBot\bin\System.Web.Http.xml
c:\users\tom\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DJBot\DJBot\bin\System.Web.Http.WebHost.xml
c:\users\tom\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DJBot\DJBot\obj\Debug\DJBot.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\tom\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DJBot\DJBot\obj\Debug\DJBot.dll
c:\users\tom\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DJBot\DJBot\obj\Debug\DJBot.pdb
C:\UltimateSlackers\DJBot\DJBot\bin\DJBot.dll.config
C:\UltimateSlackers\DJBot\DJBot\bin\DJBot.dll
C:\UltimateSlackers\DJBot\DJBot\bin\DJBot.pdb
C:\UltimateSlackers\DJBot\DJBot\bin\Microsoft.Bot.Connector.dll
C:\UltimateSlackers\DJBot\DJBot\bin\Microsoft.Bot.Connector.Utilities.dll
C:\UltimateSlackers\DJBot\DJBot\bin\Microsoft.Rest.ClientRuntime.dll
C:\UltimateSlackers\DJBot\DJBot\bin\Microsoft.WindowsAzure.Configuration.dll
C:\UltimateSlackers\DJBot\DJBot\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
C:\UltimateSlackers\DJBot\DJBot\bin\System.Net.Http.Formatting.dll
C:\UltimateSlackers\DJBot\DJBot\bin\System.Web.Http.dll
C:\UltimateSlackers\DJBot\DJBot\bin\System.Web.Http.WebHost.dll
C:\UltimateSlackers\DJBot\DJBot\bin\Microsoft.Rest.ClientRuntime.xml
C:\UltimateSlackers\DJBot\DJBot\bin\Microsoft.WindowsAzure.Configuration.xml
C:\UltimateSlackers\DJBot\DJBot\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
C:\UltimateSlackers\DJBot\DJBot\bin\System.Net.Http.Formatting.xml
C:\UltimateSlackers\DJBot\DJBot\bin\System.Web.Http.xml
C:\UltimateSlackers\DJBot\DJBot\bin\System.Web.Http.WebHost.xml
C:\UltimateSlackers\DJBot\DJBot\obj\Debug\DJBot.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
C:\UltimateSlackers\DJBot\DJBot\obj\Debug\DJBot.dll
C:\UltimateSlackers\DJBot\DJBot\obj\Debug\DJBot.pdb
